Dungeon Escape
1. Gameplay
    Starting a new game: After clicking the "Start New Game" button the player should use the drop down menu to choose the dungeon size. The dungeon size will determine the size 
        of the map along with the number of items and enemies in play. Keep in mind that larger maps will also increase the potential score that is achievable.
    The dungeon map: The map will display the tiles of the map that have been exposed to the player based on the player's line of sight. Additional map tiles are revealed to the 
        player as the map is explored, tiles that have been revealed remain visible to the player throughout gameplay. Enemies will only be visible to the player with the player's
        current "line-of-sight" distance.
    Movement: Player movement is performed using either the a(left) s(down) d(right) w(up) or arrow keys on the keyboard.

2. Characters
    1. Knight: This is you. You play as a captured knight who must escape the dungeon and it's creatures to win the day and find any chance of making it home.
        Movement: 1 space per turn
    2. Ghost: Ghosts are nasty little buggers which have the farthest detection distance of all enemies and are terrifying to encounter but fortunately cannot cause any permanent damage.
        Movement: Ghosts have the largest freedom of movement. Typically they will be able to move several spaces while patrolling and then usually one or two spaces once they are hunting
        Attack: Freezes the player for an extended amount time (10-20 turns)
    3. Guard: Guards are the cursed skeletal remanent of the former dungeon staff. They have one purpose in their afterlife which is to keep their dungeon residents in their cells.
        Movement: Guards patrol the dungeon usually a few spaces at a time however once they detect a loose captive they become much more focused and as a result actually slow down 
            a little so that they can track their target.
        Attack: When a guard captures you they drag you back to your cell at the center of the dungeon where you will have to start your escape all over again. The guard will respawn
            randomly to another part of the map after capturing it's prisoner.
    4. Dungeon Master: The Dungeon Master is the biggest, baddest enemy that you'll encounter. If caught by a Dungeon Master, the game is over so evade at all costs!
        Movement: Dungeon Masters spawn at the center of the dungeon after a set number of turns (all spawn at the same time) and then start searching for you. They usually move
            a few spaces at a time while patrolling and then slow down to 2 spaces per turn once they detect you. They are faster than you so if they find you, head for either 
            the exit or the nearest teleport mine, whichever is closest.
        Attack: Dungeon Masters show no mercy or forgiveness to prisoners who escape their cells, they will crush you...gave over.

3. Mines
    1. Freeze mines: Freeze mines freeze the player in place for random number of turns.
    2. Teleport mines: Teleport mines teleport the user to a random location in the dungeon. These may either work for or against the player depending on the situation, 
            if trying to escape an attacking enemy these can be a good way to get away.

3. Items
    1. Coins: Coins are way to increase your score. The player is awarded 1 point for every coin collected and those still in inventory at the end of the game are given a 
            multiplier. It is therefore important to keep in mind that if you are captured by a guard then all of your coins in inventory are lost.
    2. Power-up Boxes: Power-up boxes award a random power-up to the player. Power-ups in the player's inventory may be activated as needed and last a set number of turns.
            Once a power-up is used it is then removed from the player's inventory. Like coins, if the player is captured by a guard then all of power-ups in inventory
            are lost.

4. Power-Ups
    1. Invincibility: Renders the player immune to effects of attack by enemies. Enemies which attack while you are invincible will continue to follow and attack so it is 
            important to reach safety before the power-up is expended.
    2. Invisibility: Prevents enemies from being able to detect the player. Enemies will continue their normal searching pattern but cannot detect or attack the player
            while invisible.
    3. Repellent: Causes enemies who come into detection range of the player to be repelled from the player. Enemies will not be able to get close enough to attack the player
            while repellent is active.
    4. Terminator: The Terminator power-up causes the player to permanently remove attacking enemies from the dungeon.
